Include CTXInfo (à la HKDF Kra10). (#12)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-importer: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-importer.md

   struct {
       opaque external_identity<1...2^16-1>;
       opaque label<0..2^8-1>;

>        opaque CTXInfo<0..2^16-1>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       opaque context<0..2^16-1>;
```

all prior TLS versions should use "tls12" as ImportedIdentity.label, as well as SHA256 as ImportedIdentity.hash.
Note that this means future versions of TLS will increase the number of PSKs derived from an external PSK.

> ImportedIdentity.CTXInfo MUST include the context used to derive the EPSK, if any exists.  If the EPSK is a key derived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImportedIdentity.context MUST include the context used to derive the EPSK, if any exists.  If the EPSK is a key derived
```

> from some other protocol or sequence of protocols CTXInfo MUST include a channel binding for the deriving protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from some other protocol or sequence of protocols, ImportedIdentity.context MUST include a channel binding for the deriving protocols
```

> {{!RFC5056}}.  If any secrets are agreed in earlier protocols they SHOULD be included in the CTXInfo [CCB].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{!RFC5056}}.  If any secrets are agreed in earlier protocols they SHOULD be included in ImportedIdentity.context [CCB].
```
